>> Evan You: So,
our goal in this exercise.
So we still have full bar and not found.
The differences is we want foo
to have a dynamic segment,
>> Evan You: Right?
So, if we visit the hash
with like /foo/123,
our foo component here takes an id prop.
It takes a prop,
it expects an id prop and well,
>> Evan You: It will render that id out,
which means if we're at /foo/123,
this id will be 123 here, okay?
And we still have the route table.
The raw route table that is.
So this raw route table essentially
should look like this, 'foo/: id': Foo.
So this route table is exposed to users,
this is essentially our public API.
And I should probably just
list this as part of the,
you should not be implementing this.
It's required to look like this, okay?
So our goal is we have an app here.
>> Evan You: And
we've already done most of
the basic work for you.
So what you need to do, so the render
function is largely filled out for
you.
>> Evan You: We get the path and
we have two things we need.
First is to determine
which component to render?
The second is to determine what
props to pass to this component?
And our render functions
are also already written for you.
So it's rendering the component to render
and passing it to corresponding props.
And we have a few links as well.
So your job is to implement this part to
figure out which component to render.
And figure out what props
to pass to that component.
And with this route table configuration.